train/benign_1.png trainannot/benign_mask_1.png
train/benign_2.png trainannot/benign_mask_2.png
train/benign_3.png trainannot/benign_mask_3.png
train/benign_4.png trainannot/benign_mask_4.png
train/benign_5.png trainannot/benign_mask_5.png
train/benign_6.png trainannot/benign_mask_6.png
train/benign_7.png trainannot/benign_mask_7.png
train/benign_8.png trainannot/benign_mask_8.png
train/benign_9.png trainannot/benign_mask_9.png
train/benign_10.png trainannot/benign_mask_10.png
train/benign_11.png trainannot/benign_mask_11.png
train/benign_12.png trainannot/benign_mask_12.png
train/benign_13.png trainannot/benign_mask_13.png
train/benign_14.png trainannot/benign_mask_14.png
train/benign_15.png trainannot/benign_mask_15.png
train/malignant_1.png trainannot/malignant_mask_1.png
train/malignant_2.png trainannot/malignant_mask_2.png
train/malignant_3.png trainannot/malignant_mask_3.png
train/malignant_4.png trainannot/malignant_mask_4.png
train/malignant_5.png trainannot/malignant_mask_5.png
train/malignant_6.png trainannot/malignant_mask_6.png
train/malignant_7.png trainannot/malignant_mask_7.png
train/malignant_8.png trainannot/malignant_mask_8.png
train/malignant_9.png trainannot/malignant_mask_9.png
train/malignant_10.png trainannot/malignant_mask_10.png
train/malignant_11.png trainannot/malignant_mask_11.png
train/malignant_12.png trainannot/malignant_mask_12.png
train/malignant_13.png trainannot/malignant_mask_13.png
train/malignant_14.png trainannot/malignant_mask_14.png
train/malignant_15.png trainannot/malignant_mask_15.png